You're talking about the core. Yeah, well, the
organization and the discipline and the
relationships
are all invaluable, I think, to me. I kind of feel
like some potential student asking, are you going
to have to get in the Corps? And the response is,
sir, it's a privilege to be in the Corps. And I
really feel somewhat that way about it. It was an
experience that I would certainly not want to have
missed. And I value Rice, certainly. in a
different way. I never would have had that
experience if I'd stayed there. So that element,
the living in the dormitory and the military part,
discipline, were all significant. One of the
other great advantages in this pre-decor
situation is that You're welcome. There's an
Aggie anywhere. And I've traveled. After I left
A&M in 58, I've traveled, well, I shouldn't say all
over the world, but a lot of international places
and certainly a lot in the United States.
I was with the Asgrove Seed Company. It wasn't a big
company, but we had operations everywhere. all
the way from the east coast to California and Texas
to New England. So you'd run into Aggies
everywhere, and it was just a wonderful
experience to be able to greet each other and know
that you were. And then the third ring was
something for quick recognition and the
sincerity of it, too. It was fun. Impressed me.
It's not just, oh, there you are in Aggie, et
cetera. There's some meaning in the motion to it.
Let's make believe that someone gives you a check
for a million dollars, and there's only one
requirement they attach to that check. You must
give it to Texas A&M, but you decide what the
money's going to be used for. If that were to
happen, what would you want them to do with that
million dollars? Want A&M to do? What would you do?
If you had a million dollars you could pass on to
anyone, what would be what you'd want them to spend
it for? Well, just an off-the-cuff reaction is to
expand the course some way so that more people
could have the benefit of that experience. That
may not be exactly the type of thing you have in
mind. And or scholarships for students. Would it
matter what they studied, in your preference? No,
I think I would divert, well, I don't know whether
you could do that with a million dollars, but I
would think some diversity would be desirable, as
far as I'm personally concerned. I don't want them
all in agronomy, for example. I wouldn't want to
give it all to agronomy if I would be doing that.
probably restrict it to agriculture and make it
broad enough that it would broaden the potential
of it rather than narrow it too much. Last
question. What feelings do you have when your
heart touches anything?
On balance, I certainly have a very very favorable
reaction to my experience with Texas A&M. I think,
since I'm not having to run it, I think
there's an institution of higher learning in the
state and largely funded by the state that should
really look ahead as to what it could be
institution contribute to the future in the
education of the youth that are coming up. And I
don't know exactly how to do this, but I think it's
imperative that we educate a broader range of our
society. If we don't, we'll decline instead of go
up there. And that may just be my point. I know we
speak of a method term a lot of times, but I'm trying
to look at it as an overall situation that we need to
educate the youth regardless of the evidence that
we're using. And it's only in doing this that we'll
be able to continue to develop and grow, and to me
that's a To me, it ought to be the greatest concern
of the administration of the university. And
perhaps, well, you've been in budget situations
all your life, so I'm not telling you anything, but
there's never enough money to do all the things you
want, so you must make choices. I
really
think
the education we use should have priority over
some of these high polluting research
situations, as an example. And I've been in
research most of my life. Sure, there has to be
some. is the attention to the youth and both
enabling them to come to school. And I don't, I have
a little trouble with this, you telling me there's
half the school or top 10% of the classrooms. That
means there are a lot of other people that aren't
getting an opportunity for an education, at least
here. The difficulty with the alternative is how
large can you let the enrollment become and to whom
do you give preference? I'm well aware that it's a
difficult situation. I just saw it as a reality.
We do need to be providing education. Some of it is
possible to... And I'm not one of those people that
everybody's got to have a college education. But
to particularly offer the potential to, I
haven't. I still get the Harvard Review of
Propaganda, maybe. But they, I think they follow.
I don't think it's just an episode. It's a policy of
providing an educated course. They have high
academic requirements to get in. But they won't
refuse a student because of financial
needs.
They made a commitment to fund the qualified
student as far as financial needs are concerned if
they've got the interest and abilities and
technicalities
to go there. It's not a simple thing, but I think
University, I'll keep that in mind all the time,
about doing what it can to educate the youth of this
state, and particularly,
and this is where, I don't know just how you
perceive, some of this may mean education of a
less, of less than the elite, if you don't look at it
that way, but we need the people in all of aspects of
society.
I think we're going to have to do something to help
them out. Have we left any important topics out?
I'd have a hard time recounting what all was said. I
think all of the significance of what I'm
thinking.